README.md, before:

# FaradayMiddleware::Reddit

A collection of Faraday middleware for use with the Reddit API.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'faraday_middleware-reddit'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install faraday_middleware-reddit

## Requirements

`faraday` and `faraday_middleware` are currently gemspec dependencies.

Like `faraday_middleware`, `faraday_middleware-reddit` requires a `json` library. Ruby versions prior to 1.9 will need to have one installed.

## Usage

`faraday_middleware-reddit` currently provides the following middleware:

| Middleware | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `:reddit_authentication` | request | Authentication based on a username, password or pre-generated cookie. |
| `:reddit_force_json` | use | Coerces reddit into returnign JSON for GET and POST requests. |
| `:reddit_modhash` | use | Automatic modhash handling. |
| `:reddit_raise_error` | response | Raises errors for common reddit error cases. |
| `:reddit_rate_limit` | use | Rate limiting based on reddit's `x-ratelimit` headers. Accepts a `strategy` proc to override default linear strategy. |

## Examples

An example Farday client might look like:

```ruby
require 'faraday_middleware/reddit'

conn = Faraday.new(url: 'http://www.reddit.com', headers: {'User-Agent' => 'faraday_middleware-reddit example (v 0.0.1)'}) do |faraday|
  faraday.request  :url_encoded
  faraday.request  :reddit_authentication, user: 'yourusername', password: 'yourpassword'
  faraday.request  :retry, max: 2, interval: 2, exceptions: FaradayMiddleware::Reddit::RETRIABLE_ERRORS

  faraday.response :logger
  faraday.response :follow_redirects
  faraday.response :reddit_raise_error

  faraday.use  :reddit_force_json
  faraday.use  :reddit_rate_limit
  faraday.use  :reddit_modhash

  faraday.adapter  Faraday.default_adapter
end
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Contributors
------------

  * Maintainer: [Daniel O'Brien](http://github.com/dobs)

This project is copyright 2014 by its contributors, licensed under [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/dobs/faraday_middleware-reddit/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Pointing to reddit-base project in README.md.

README.md, after:

# FaradayMiddleware::Reddit

A collection of Faraday middleware for use with the Reddit API.

This project is the backbone for [reddit-base](https://github.com/dobs/reddit-base). If you're building a client from scratch or just want to get up and running quickly you might want to check it out instead.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'faraday_middleware-reddit'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install faraday_middleware-reddit

## Requirements

`faraday` and `faraday_middleware` are currently gemspec dependencies.

Like `faraday_middleware`, `faraday_middleware-reddit` requires a `json` library. Ruby versions prior to 1.9 will need to have one installed.

## Usage

`faraday_middleware-reddit` currently provides the following middleware:

| Middleware | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `:reddit_authentication` | request | Authentication based on a username, password or pre-generated cookie. |
| `:reddit_force_json` | use | Coerces reddit into returnign JSON for GET and POST requests. |
| `:reddit_modhash` | use | Automatic modhash handling. |
| `:reddit_raise_error` | response | Raises errors for common reddit error cases. |
| `:reddit_rate_limit` | use | Rate limiting based on reddit's `x-ratelimit` headers. Accepts a `strategy` proc to override default linear strategy. |

## Examples

An example Farday client might look like:

```ruby
require 'faraday_middleware/reddit'

conn = Faraday.new(url: 'http://www.reddit.com', headers: {'User-Agent' => 'faraday_middleware-reddit example (v 0.0.1)'}) do |faraday|
  faraday.request  :url_encoded
  faraday.request  :reddit_authentication, user: 'yourusername', password: 'yourpassword'
  faraday.request  :retry, max: 2, interval: 2, exceptions: FaradayMiddleware::Reddit::RETRIABLE_ERRORS

  faraday.response :logger
  faraday.response :follow_redirects
  faraday.response :reddit_raise_error

  faraday.use  :reddit_force_json
  faraday.use  :reddit_rate_limit
  faraday.use  :reddit_modhash

  faraday.adapter  Faraday.default_adapter
end
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Contributors
------------

  * Maintainer: [Daniel O'Brien](http://github.com/dobs)

This project is copyright 2014 by its contributors, licensed under [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/dobs/faraday_middleware-reddit/blob/master/LICENSE).
